The following accessory products are available from WWIV Software
Services.  You may order them by using the ORDER.FRM.

ESM       (External String Manager)
           $5.00

          Allows editing of external string (.STR)
          files. Also comes with ESMPOP, a TSR loader,
          that allows swapping out currently executing
          program and loading in ESM.

UEDIT     (User Editor)
          $20.00

          Allows global color redefinition, searching,
          editing, tons of stuff. Also includes UDB,
          which translates USER.LST data to comma-
          delimited ASCII format, for importing into
          mainstream database programs (Paradox, etc).

PackScan  (NetWork2 Preprocessor)
          $20.00

          Registration enables only the files-via-
          network capability. PUS-reception and
          packet-logging are free. Probably the most
          sophisticated network2 preprocessor on the
          market, and written so that adding new
          features may be incorporated.

PUS       (PackScan Update System)
          (Must be registered for each network)
          $20.00

          Does most of what NETUP does, but requires
          PackScan on all systems. For small-scale
          networks (local-only networks, generally).
          Networks with >100 nodes should obtain
          NETUP.

StrPop    (String Pop)
          $15.00

          TSR string-editor/viewer, activated with
          AltV. Put the cursor on a get_string or
          get_stringx call and it pops up a window
          showing what that string is, and allows
          on-the-spot editing (usually from within
          Borland IDE or the person's source code
          editor).

SPU       (Sound Playback Utility)
          $10.00

          Plays back .CMF, .VOC, and .WAV files,
          for AdLib or Soundblaster equipped systems.

GDU       (Graphics Display Utility)
          $10.00   

          Displays .PCX and .GIF files. Supports
          commandline or interactive selection.
          Supports 23 different VGA/SVGA chipsets.
          Mainly written so that it could be invoked
          from within TAM to view GIFs that a BBS
          might have online.

TAM       (Transfer Area Manager)
          $20.00

          Permits easy management of transfer area
          data including editing descriptions, sorting,
          etc.

ProbeLite (Network Utility)
          $10.00

          Allows profanity-zapping and network logging.

UTIL_PAK  (Utility Package)
          $10.00

          Includes serveral small utiliites as described
          below:

          LFILE -- Generates file listings based on
          the access of a supplied usernum.

          NSORT -- Sorts N*.NET files

          NewFile -- Marks specified files as showing as
          always new on the BBS.

          TVault -- Time Bank type chain. Very similar
          to the Time Vault built into WWIV.

          ZLOG -- Shows ZLOG data in scrollable
          fullscreen form.

RR       (Russian Roulette)
         $10.00

         ANSI game, pull-trigger-blow-brains-out chain.
         Hangs up if you lose.


Topper   (Top Ten User Utility)
         $10.00

         Chain/util to create list of top ten users
         in various categories.

WSSFDI   (WWIV Software Services FrontDoor Installer)
         $15.00

         This utility provides all files necessary to
         install FrontDoor (tm) for use with WWIV.  These
         programs are used in FidoNet installations and
         allows your board to send/receive FidoNet files.
         The program is ONLY available on 3.5 inch 1.44
         meg diskettes.  The program takes most of the
         work out of installing the front end mailer.

WWMON    (WWIV Instance Monitor)
         $10.00

         Shows some basic info about all instances
         (who online, etc). ALso allows some of the
         inter-instance message types to be sent
         (string msg, shutdown msg).  Intended to help
         multi-instance systems keep track of what's
         going on from one "watchdog" program.

WUFFC    (WWIV Uploader for FIDOnet Files)
          $75.00

         Basically imports the FIDOnet file backbone
         directly into WWIV. A maintenance-type
         program estimated to save the sysop who is
         receiving all of the FILEBONE approximately
         15 weeks of maintenance time per year.
         Unlimited directories.


WUFFB    Same as WUFFC but limited to 50 directories
         $50.00

WUFFA    Same as WUFFC but limited to 25 directories
         $25.00

WUFFCD   CD uploader (much faster than //uploadfile)
         $10.00

         This program requires that you be a registered
         WUFF user already.

WWIVedit WWIV compatible external Full-Screen Editor
         $20.00

         This program was originally developed by Adam Caldwell.
         WWIV Software Services has enhanced the code, included
         some professional libraries, and generally made
         improvements.  The program will be made available to
         previous registrants at a minor charge for shipping
         and handling ($2.00).  Source code is NOT available
         for new releases of this product.


